I'm me and I'm about to do something
incredibly stupid real stupid
get behind the rest so you can get
before you fly
that
we are going to attempt to do something
else incredibly stupid come around to
this side this is probably where the
action is going to be I'm not sure
because I've never done this before
that was an attempted to burn out I
think what
this is my second attempt
that time it worked a lot better yeah
I think it worked I'll bet
I have this is going to work
you
now it's time to just go
really stuck in the clutch don't help
well we
analyze the situation and we determined
that we just discard the whole thing so
what you saw was the end of it that's
the end of chrome star runner to maybe
someday we'll put together kromestar run
or three but as the famous pig once said
that's all folks and that's that for
that
you